Snow add format config and attachment note (#44946)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/Integrations/ServiceNowv2/README.md

| Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |
| Incidents Fetch Interval |  | False |
| Advanced: Minutes to look back when fetching | Use this parameter to determine how long backward to look in the search for incidents that were created before the last run time and did not match the query when they were created. | False |

> | Interpret comments in the specific format | Define the format of the ServiceNow comments. Per default the format is supplied by ServiceNow during the fetch as part of the comments data (Source). This can be overwritten to a specific format for all comments. The available options are Source, Text, and HTML. Use HTML if a html editor is used within ServiceNow to add comments. Defaults to "Source". | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Interpret comments in the specific format | The format of the ServiceNow comments. Default is Source, the format supplied by ServiceNow during the fetch as part of the comments data. This can be changed to a different format for all comments. Possible values are Source (default), Text, and HTML. Use HTML if a html editor is used within ServiceNow to add comments. | False |
```
